Accessibility improvement in Choose New Password page (#7665)
opencrvs/opencrvs-core: CHANGELOG.md

## Bug fixes

- Fix health facilities missing from dropdown after correcting a record address [#7528](https://github.com/opencrvs/opencrvs-core/issues/7528)

> - Accessibility improvement in Choose New Password page [#5502](https://github.com/opencrvs/opencrvs-core/issues/5502)

Reviewer: Great work on the PR! Could this be rephrased a little to communicate what the change was to other country implementors reading this? I'm sure many would appreciate this change. Maybe something like

```suggestion
- "Choose a new password" form now allows the user to submit the form using the "Enter" key [#5502](https://github.com/opencrvs/opencrvs-core/issues/5502)
```

Author: I have updated this, thank you @rikukissa.
